[DOC-7831] Document serverless privatelink support (#17461)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/connect-to-a-serverless-cluster.md

{% include cockroachcloud/authorize-your-clusters-networks.md %}

### Establish AWS PrivateLink

Amazon Web Services (AWS) PrivateLink support allows customers to establish SQL access to their clusters entirely through private AWS infrastructure, without exposure to the public internet, affording enhanced security and performance.

> AWS PrivateLink is available only for multi-region {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters deployed on AWS. GCP Peering is not yet available for {{ site.data.products.serverless }}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS PrivateLink is available only for multi-region {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters deployed on AWS. GCP Peering is not available for {{ site.data.products.serverless }}.
```

Reviewer: Also please add limited access callout for the feature.

{% include cockroachcloud/authorize-your-clusters-networks.md %}

### Establish AWS PrivateLink

Amazon Web Services (AWS) PrivateLink support allows customers to establish SQL access to their clusters entirely through private AWS infrastructure, without exposure to the public internet, affording enhanced security and performance.

> AWS PrivateLink is available only for multiregion {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters deployed on AWS. GCP Peering is not yet available for {{ site.data.products.serverless }}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AWS PrivateLink is available only for multi-region {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters deployed on AWS. GCP Peering is not yet available for {{ site.data.products.serverless }}.
```

> To configure PrivateLink, you create the AWS PrivateLink connection in your or AWS console, then configure your cluster to allow connections from the connection. For more information and detailed instructions, refer to[Network Authorization for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters: AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink).

Reviewer 2: I think we could leave out both of these sentences or maybe just remove the Dedicated part

> To configure PrivateLink, you create the AWS PrivateLink connection in your or AWS console, then configure your cluster to allow connections from the connection. For more information and detailed instructions, refer to[Network Authorization for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters: AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink).

Author: ```suggestion
To configure PrivateLink, you create the AWS PrivateLink connection in your or AWS console, then configure your cluster to allow connections from your VPC.
```

AWS Privatelink can be configured only after the cluster is created. For detailed instructions, refer to [Managing AWS PrivateLink for a cluster](aws-privatelink.html?filter-content=serverless).

> During [limited access](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html), Azure Private Link is not available for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on Azure. Refer to [{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} on Azure](cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure.html).

Reviewer 2: can leave out Dedicated info here

> During [limited access](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html), Azure Private Link is not available for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on Azure. Refer to [{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} on Azure](cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure.html).

Author: ```suggestion
During [limited access](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html), Azure Private Link is not available for clusters on Azure. Refer to [{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} on Azure](cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure.html).
```

> During [limited access](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html), Azure Private Link is not available for {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters on Azure. Refer to [{{ site.data.products.dedicated }} on Azure](cockroachdb-dedicated-on-azure.html).

Author: ```suggestion
```

{% include cockroachcloud/authorize-your-clusters-networks.md %}

### Establish AWS PrivateLink

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}
AWS PrivateLink for {{ site.data.products.serverless }} is in **[limited access](/docs/{{site.versions["stable"]}}/cockroachdb-feature-availability.html)** and is only available to enrolled organizations. To enroll your organization, contact your Cockroach Labs account team. This feature is subject to change.
{{site.data.alerts.end}}

Amazon Web Services (AWS) PrivateLink support allows customers to establish SQL access to their clusters entirely through private AWS infrastructure, without exposure to the public internet, affording enhanced security and performance.

AWS PrivateLink is available only for multiregion {{ site.data.products.serverless }} clusters deployed on AWS.

> To configure PrivateLink, you create the AWS PrivateLink connection in your AWS account, then configure your cluster to allow connections from your private endpoint or VPC endpoint. For more information and detailed instructions, refer to[Network Authorization: AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure PrivateLink, you create the AWS PrivateLink connection in your AWS account, then configure your cluster to allow connections from your private endpoint. For more information and detailed instructions, refer to[Network Authorization: AWS PrivateLink](network-authorization.html#aws-privatelink).
```
